%META:TOPICINFO{author="SylvainGrellet" comment="reprev" date="1646204621" format="1.1" reprev="4" version="4"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="WebHome"}%
Recording: https://portal.ogc.org/files/?artifact_id=100350

Agenda:

&bull;GWML2 Workshop

&bull;Water Quality Workshop: you can read and contribute to the activity Plan introduced here : https://external.ogc.org/twiki_public/HydrologyDWG/WaterQualityIE

&bull;HY_Features minimal ontology

&bull;US Progress on River Features and GWML2 Geopackage

&bull;Open Discussion

-- Main.DavidBlodgett - 25 Feb 2022

%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="hydroDWG_Mar2021.pptx" attachment="hydroDWG_Mar2021.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1645805615" path="hydroDWG_Mar2021.pptx" size="8953676" user="DavidBlodgett" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="us_progress_hydrodwg_Mar2021.pptx" attachment="us_progress_hydrodwg_Mar2021.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1646102767" path="us_progress_hydrodwg_Mar2021.pptx" size="9318375" user="DavidBlodgett" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="Workshops Presentation_Chernov.pdf" attachment="Workshops Presentation_Chernov.pdf" attr="" comment="" date="1646182021" path="Workshops Presentation_Chernov.pdf" size="1698642" user="DavidBlodgett" version="1"}%
%META:FILEATTACHMENT{name="HYF_Ontology_status.pptx" attachment="HYF_Ontology_status.pptx" attr="" comment="" date="1646182048" path="HYF_Ontology_status.pptx" size="9460878" user="DavidBlodgett" version="1"}%
