%META:TOPICINFO{author="PeterFitch" date="1270079359" format="1.1" reprev="1.1" version="1.1"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="SurfacewaterInteroperabilityExperiment"}%
---++ Telecon 29 March 2pm UTC

---+++ Agenda for the Telecon
   * Welcome
   * Any Feedback on IE documentation
   * What is still to do
   * Update on timeline
   * Anything else
   * Next meeting
      * Skype?
      * Time and Date?

---++++Attendees
Ulrich Looser, Simon Jirka, Nate Booth, David Valentine Sylvain Grellet

---+++ Notes

---++++ Uli (WMO) - Feedback on plan.
   * WMO has given in principle support for acting as an initiator for the Surface Water IE. There are some issues with the authorinising officer away on leave until 14 April, however we are hopeful that either through the Commission of Hydrology or other means, WMO will sign as initiator.
   * Yet to contact anyone in the Netherlands to participate in Use Case 3, question: Can we share the project plan with non-OGC members to garner interest and involvement? *Action: Peter to contact David Arctur to check if sharing the plan prior to submission contravenes OGC policy and procedures*
   * Use case 3 is nice and of interest to GRDC. Question on who is going to provide and do what? Kisters will provide a catalog service and client, 52 North will provide a SOS and DISY will possibly provide a catalog if needed. GRDC will provide access to data, but unsure at this stage who will host the services. This needs to be discussed.
   * WMO will make available a multilingual keyword list which will provide a standard vocabulary for use in the use case.

---++++ Nate (USGS)
   * USGS will provide  timeseries of daily flows for the Mississippi using a SOS.

---++++ David Valentine (SDSC/CUAHSI)
   * Will work on the catalog and Observational data model/WaterML2.0

---+++General Notes
   * It was agreed by the participants that the target for submitting to OGC by 23 April was preferred with a kick off in June at Silver Spring.
   * The plan is to be submitted to Carl  Reed asap to get early feedback
   * John Halquist from NOAA has contacted the IE, expressing interest for NOAA and the NWS to participate in the forecasting use case. John has provided some text which will be included in the document.

---+++ Next Meeting
A meeting schedule was agreed>

   * Next Meetings
      * Wed 7  April 2pm UTC
      * Wed 14 April 2pm UTC
      * Wed 21 April 2pm UTC
  

---+++Actions Summary
   1. Peter to contact David Arctur to check if sharing the plan prior to submission contravenes OGC policy and procedure


-- Main.PeterFitch - 31 Mar 2010
