# **Call 2010-02-04**

## Connection Details

- dates: Thurs feb 04 (N.America), Fri Feb 05 (AU)
- times: 5pm (Ottawa), 4pm CT (WI), 8am (AU)
- phone number: 218-862-1000 (USA)
- conference call code: 437712#

## Agenda

- Status update: 34North client deployment
- Status update: WaterML2 schema progress
- Status update: web services progress (all)
- HydroDWG working meeting (Nate) - <3/15@3-6PM> Italy time - is there interest?

## Action Items

- David V: send url for page to contain service locations
- Nate B: set up Doodle page for Ispra meeting attendance (tentatively 3-6p on Monday, after WaterML 2 meetings)
- Nate B: send invitations for next meeting--2010-02-25 **DONE** <http://portal.opengeospatial.org/?m=projects&a=view&project_id=336&tab=2>
- continue work on client, SOS and WFS services, WaterMl2

## Notes

### Status update:

#### 34 North: Client development

Nathan walked us through client at <http://www.opennrm.org>

We discussed some of the findings he has had regarding services differences, etc. Listed here: + I-Lin has documented some technical differences here that Nathan ran into on <http://external.opengeospatial.org/twiki_public/bin/view/HydrologyDWG/HTTPPostMethodsDiscussion> + REST interface would be useful - right now an intermediate proxy is needed. + Number of observations needs to be corrected. + units -\> needs to deal with different units. + time -\> need to deal with averaging over time. USGS has daily values (averaged over a day) - should not express time. + Boyan - Additional suggestions: Add WMS layers, and data download

### Web services:

34N: no progress yet. Have focussed on client to this point. Target March OGC meeting for services.

USGS: Have researched the standards but have yet to stand up a WFS.

GSC: Improvement of the services underway.

#### Schema updates Pete Taylor: not many changes since last call. Group noted service and schema discussions needed around:

\+ getCapabilities -\> need to discuss where to store and serve well location summaries as well as what phenomena were measured and when (period of record) + Feature of Interest -\> see post on IE site (<http://external.opengis.org/twiki_public/bin/view/HydrologyDWG/SamplingFeature>) + <a href="TimeSeries" class="wikilink">TimeSeries</a>

- TOPICINFO{author="<a href="BoyanBrodaric" class="wikilink">BoyanBrodaric</a>" date="1266507988" format="1.1" version="1.6"}

<!-- -->

- TOPICPARENT{name="<a href="GroundwaterInteroperabilityExperiment" class="wikilink">GroundwaterInteroperabilityExperiment</a>"}
